Missile Command Game Instructions
---------------------------------

The game is started by executing the command:

    java -jar missile-command-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar

If the game is not being executed from the directory in which the missile command jar resides, the location
of the jar file must prefixed to the jar file name in the above command, e.g.

    java -jar target/missile-command-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar


Initial Screen
--------------
When the game starts the player will initially be presented with an empty game area, i.e. showing
only the player's cities (gray squares) and missile bases (white triangles) along the bottom of the screen.


Gameplay
--------
The player must defend these areas from incoming missiles.  These missiles will move from the top of the screen
toward the bottom, targeting one of the player's cities or missile bases.

Enemy missiles can be destroyed by missiles fired from one of the player's three missile bases.  To fire missiles, the
player moves his mouse to the point on the game area he wishes his missile to detonate, then fires a missile using
one of the following three keys:

'a' - missile base on the left of the screen
's' - missile base in the centre of the screen
'd' - missile base on the right of the screen

Missile bases start each level with 20 missiles.  When a missile base has fired all 20 missiles (or has been destroyed) it will
no longer respond to the keys detailed above.

If the player manages to destroy all incoming missiles before all six cities are destroyed, he will proceed to the next level. At
the start of each level, the player's missile bases are restored to full capacity, however any cities destroyed in the previous
level are not restored.  Each level is progressively more difficult than the previous one.

When all six cities are destroyed the player's game is over.


Start/Stop the Game
-------------------
To start/restart the game, the player should press the spacebar.

To end the game, the player should close the main window.